Think about your day for a second.
You woke up, felt fresh air on your face
as you walked out the door,
encountered new colleagues
and had great discussions
and felt in awe
when you found something new.
But I bet there's something
you didn't think about today,
something so close to home,
you probably don't think
about it very often at all.
And that's that all those sensations,
feelings, decisions and actions
are mediated by the computer in your head
called your brain.
Now, the brain may not look
like much from the outside --
a couple pounds of pinkish-gray flesh,
amorphous.
But the last 100 years of neuroscience
have allowed us to zoom in on the brain